feat(vllm_model): support driving vLLM /v1/completions (#1300)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Gym: fern/versions/latest/pages/model-server/vllm.mdx

### Token-ID extraction (RL training)

When `return_token_id_information: true`, the completions backend automatically adds `logprobs: 0`, `prompt_logprobs: 0`, and `return_tokens_as_token_ids: true` to outbound requests so generation token IDs come from `logprobs.tokens` (the `"token_id:<int>"` entries) and prompt token IDs come from `prompt_logprobs` — no second `/tokenize` call needed.

### Use it

The end-to-end flow is identical to the [Use VLLMModel](#use-vllmmodel) walkthrough above; just swap the model-server config:

```bash
config_paths="resources_servers/example_multi_step/configs/example_multi_step.yaml,\
responses_api_models/vllm_model/configs/vllm_model_completions.yaml"

ng_run "+config_paths=[$config_paths]" \
    ++policy_base_url=http://0.0.0.0:10240/v1 \
    ++policy_model_name=<your-model> \
    ++policy_api_key=dummy_key

ng_collect_rollouts +agent_name=<your_agent> \
    +input_jsonl_fpath=<your_data.jsonl> \
    +output_jsonl_fpath=results/rollouts_completions.jsonl
```

> Make sure your input JSONL respects the [Constraints](#constraints) above — single-turn user messages (optionally with a leading system prompt) and no `tools`.

Reviewer: `#constraints` has no matching heading. the section is `### Constraint matrix`

```suggestion
Make sure your input JSONL respects the [Constraint matrix](#constraint-matrix) above — single-turn user messages (optionally with a leading system prompt) and no `tools`.
```

| `return_token_id_information` | `bool` | — | **Required.** Set `true` for training (token IDs + log probs), `false` for inference only. |
| `uses_reasoning_parser` | `bool` | — | **Required.** Set `true` for reasoning models (extracts `<think>` tags), `false` otherwise. |
| `replace_developer_role_with_system` | `bool` | `false` | Convert "developer" role to "system" for models that don't support developer role. |

> | `chat_template_kwargs` | `dict` | `null` | Override chat template parameters (e.g., `add_generation_prompt`). Only consulted when `use_completions_api: false`. |

Reviewer: this contradicts the code and the constraint matrix above. `chat_template_kwargs` is consulted in completions mode when `render_chat_template: true`. `_render_messages_via_chat_template` merges it into `apply_chat_template`.

```suggestion
| `chat_template_kwargs` | `dict` | `null` | Override chat template parameters (e.g., `add_generation_prompt`). Consulted when `use_completions_api: false`, or when `use_completions_api: true` and `render_chat_template: true`. |
```
